Issue #88 - application attachments (#110)
margo/specification: system-design/app-interoperability/workload-orch-to-app-reg-interaction.md

# Application Registry

> This section describes the Application Registry and the exchange of an [application package](./application-package-definition.md) from an Application Developer to the Workload Fleet Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the Application Registry and the exchange of an [application package](./application-package-definition.md) from an Application Developer to the Workload Fleet Manager (WFM). 
```

Author: done

During this process the containers referenced in the application manifest ([Helm Chart](https://helm.sh/docs/) or [Compose](https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/blob/master/03-compose-file.md)) are retrieved from container/Helm registries. 

> At a minimum, a Margo-compliant WFM SHALL provide a way for an end user to manually setup a connection between the WFM and an application registry. This is required so as not to prohibit an end user for being able to install any Margo-compliant application they wish; including applications developed by the end user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a minimum, a Margo-compliant Workload Fleet Manager SHALL provide a way for an end user to manually set up a connection between the Workload Fleet Manager and an application registry. This is required so as not to prohibit an end user from being able to install any Margo-compliant application they wish, including applications developed by the end user. 
```

Author: done
